com.example.numbercamera.Config
com.example.numbercamera.Config: Config()
com.example.numbercamera.MainActivity
com.example.numbercamera.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int call
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int call1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int call2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_background
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_delete
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_delete1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_delete2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_delete3
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dial_input
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialj_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialj_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialj_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialx_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialx_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int dialx_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int home_top_bg
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int home_top_btn
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_phone
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num0_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num0_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num0_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num1_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num1_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num1_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num2_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num2_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num2_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num3_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num3_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num3_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num4_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num4_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num4_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num5_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num5_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num5_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num6_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num6_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num6_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num7_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num7_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num7_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num8_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num8_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num8_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num9_ic
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num9_ic1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int num9_ic2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int takephote1
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int takephote2
com.example.numbercamera.R$drawable: int takephoto
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int back_camera_pix
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int back_password
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int block
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int btnbian
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int callp
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int contactList
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int delete
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum0
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum1
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum2
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum3
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum4
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum5
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum6
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum7
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum8
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialNum9
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialj
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int dialx
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int front_camera_pix
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int front_password
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int linearLayout6
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int phone
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int submitbtn
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int textview1
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int textview2
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int textview3
com.example.numbercamera.R$id: int textview4
com.example.numbercamera.R$layout: int activity_config
com.example.numbercamera.R$layout: int activity_main
com.example.numbercamera.R$string: int app_name
com.example.numbercamera.R$string: int hello_world
com.example.numbercamera.R$string: int title_activity_config
com.example.numbercamera.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.example.numbercamera.R$style: int AppTheme
com.example.numbercamera.R$style: int canvas_color
com.example.numbercamera.R$style: int font_color
com.example.numbercamera.R$style: int font_color2
com.example.numbercamera.myCamera
com.example.numbercamera.myCamera: myCamera()
